feat: availableport enhancements (#3621)
ignite/cli: changelog.md

### Changes

> - [#3621](https://github.com/ignite/cli/pull/3621) Refactor `ignite/pkg/availablePort` package to allow custom parametersin `Find` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#3621](https://github.com/ignite/cli/pull/3621) Change `pkg/availableport` to allow custom parameters in `Find` function and handle duplicated ports
```
